docs/mechanic_types/on_neighbour_update.md, before:

# Stat Bar

[Mechanic Type](../mechanic_types.md).

Defines a stat bar for the player. Basically holds a persistent integer value between 0, and 20, which can be modified by the [Change Stat](../entity_actions/change_stat.md) action and checked with the [Check Stat](../entity_conditions/check_stat.md) player condition.

Type ID: `ccpacks:on_neighbour_update`

### Fields

Field  | Type | Default | Description
-------|------|---------|-------------
`neighbour_action` | [Stat Bar Hud Render](../data_types/stat_hud_render.md) | | Specifies how and if the stat bar is displayed with a bar on the HUD.
`neighbour_condition` | [Stat Bar Hud Render](../data_types/stat_hud_render.md) | | Specifies how and if the stat bar is displayed with a bar on the HUD.
`self_action` | [Stat Bar Hud Render](../data_types/stat_hud_render.md) | | Specifies how and if the stat bar is displayed with a bar on the HUD.
`self_condition` | [Integer](../data_types/integer.md) | 20 | The value of the resource when the player first gains this power.

### Example
```json
{
    "type": "ccpacks:resource",
	"min": 0,
	"max": 100,
    "start_value": 20
}
```
This power is a stat bar, which creates a bar of the given texture that is already completely filled.

Commit message:

Fixed all Mechanic and Power Types

docs/mechanic_types/on_neighbour_update.md, after:

# On Neighbour Update

[Mechanic Type](../mechanic_types.md).

A Mechanic that is run when this block is updated (e.g. a block being placed next to it).

Type ID: `ccpacks:on_neighbour_update`

### Fields

Field  | Type | Default | Description
-------|------|---------|-------------
`neighbour_action` | [Block Action Type](https://origins.readthedocs.io/en/latest/types/block_action_types/) | *optional* | The action to execute on the neighbouring block.
`neighbour_condition` | [Block Condition Type](https://origins.readthedocs.io/en/latest/types/block_condition_types/) | *optional* | The condition to checked in order to run the neighbouring block action.
`self_action` | [Block Action Type](https://origins.readthedocs.io/en/latest/types/block_action_types/) | *optional* | The action to execute on the block.
`self_condition` | [Block Condition Type](https://origins.readthedocs.io/en/latest/types/block_condition_types/) | *optional* | The condition to checked in order to run the self block action.

### Example
