docs/data_types/sounds.md, before:

# Block Sound Group

[Data Type](../data_types.md).

An [Object](object.md) used to define what sounds a block should make

### Fields:

Field                |                  Type               |  Default  | Description
---------------------|-------------------------------------|-----------|-------------
`pitch`              | [Sound](../data_types/sound.md)     |     1     | Sets the pitch of the sound.
`volume`             | [Sound](../data_types/sound.md)     |     1     | Sets the volume
`break_sound`        | [Sound](../data_types/sound.md)     |*manditory*| The sound that plays when you break the block.
`step_sound`         | [Sound](../data_types/sound.md)     |*manditory*| The sound that plays when you step on the block.
`place_sound`        | [Sound](../data_types/sound.md)     |*manditory*| The sound that plays when you place the block.
`hit_sound`          | [Sound](../data_types/sound.md)     |*manditory*| The sound that plays when you hit the block.
`fall_sound`         | [Sound](../data_types/sound.md)     |*manditory*| The sound that plays when you fall on the block.

### Examples:

```json
"block_sound_group": {
	"pitch": 1,
	"volume": 1,
	"break_sound": "block.gravel.break",
	"step_sound": "block.gravel.step",
	"place_sound": "block.gravel.place",
	"hit_sound": "block.gravel.hit",
	"fall_sound": "block.gravel.fall"
}
```

Commit message:

Did a general clean-up of the whole wiki This includes:
- Made more similar to the convention of the Origins wiki

- Added more in-line codeblocks

- Fixed many typos

- Added notes warning about the british differences in some types 
("Colour", "Neighbour" etc.)

- Removed all "*manditory*"s [sic] from defaults

- Used plurals for the hypertext of data types in arrays ("Array of 
Identifiers" instead of "Array of Identifier")

- Added some examples to types that didn't have them

- Fixed and reindented some examples that were broken (looking at you, 
`sound_event.md`)

- Fixed some hypertexts leading to 404 pages.

- And more stuff I can't be bothered to remember :p

docs/data_types/sounds.md, after:

# Block Sound Group

[Data Type](../data_types.md).

An [Object](object.md) used to define what sounds a block should make

### Fields:

Field                |          Type               |  Default  | Description
---------------------|-----------------------------|-----------|-------------
`pitch`              | [Integer](integer.md)       |    `1`    | Sets the pitch of the sound.
`volume`             | [Integer](integer.md)       |    `1`    | Sets the volume
`break_sound`        | [Identifier](identifier.md) |           | The sound that plays when you break the block.
`step_sound`         | [Identifier](identifier.md) |           | The sound that plays when you step on the block.
`place_sound`        | [Identifier](identifier.md) |           | The sound that plays when you place the block.
`hit_sound`          | [Identifier](identifier.md) |           | The sound that plays when you hit the block.
`fall_sound`         | [Identifier](identifier.md) |           | The sound that plays when you fall on the block.

### Examples:

```json
"block_sound_group": {
	"pitch": 1,
	"volume": 1,
	"break_sound": "block.gravel.break",
	"step_sound": "block.gravel.step",
	"place_sound": "block.gravel.place",
	"hit_sound": "block.gravel.hit",
	"fall_sound": "block.gravel.fall"
}
```
