docs/item/pullback.md, before:

# Custom Items

Type ID: `item:pullback`

### Fields

   Field   | Type | Default | Description
-----------|------|---------|-------------
`name` | [String](../../data_types/string) | *optional* | Sets the items name.
`lore` | [Array](../data_types/array.md) of [String](../data_types/string.md) | *optional* | Lines of text below an item.
`item_powers` | [Array](../data_types/array.md) of [Item Power](../data_types/item_power.md) | *optional* | The powers your item will have.
`durability` | [Integer](../data_types/integer.md) | *optional* | How many uses the item has.
`item_group`| [Item Group](../data_types/item_groups.md) | `misc` | The tab you can find the item in.
`start_color` | [Colour](../data_types/colour.md) | *optional* | How many uses the item has.
`end_color` | [Colour](../data_types/colour.md) | *optional* | How many uses the item has.
`fuel_tick` | [Integer](../data_types/integer.md) | *optional* | How long the item can smelt for in a furnace.
`entity_type` | [Entity Type](../data_types/integer.md) | *optional* | The entity fired when you finish pulling it back.
`max_speed` | [Integer](../data_types/integer.md) | *64* | The maximum speed it will launch a projectile at.

### Example Code

```json
{
	"type": "item:pullback",
	"item_group": "none"
}
```

Commit message:

Did a general clean-up of the whole wiki This includes:
- Made more similar to the convention of the Origins wiki

- Added more in-line codeblocks

- Fixed many typos

- Added notes warning about the british differences in some types 
("Colour", "Neighbour" etc.)

- Removed all "*manditory*"s [sic] from defaults

- Used plurals for the hypertext of data types in arrays ("Array of 
Identifiers" instead of "Array of Identifier")

- Added some examples to types that didn't have them

- Fixed and reindented some examples that were broken (looking at you, 
`sound_event.md`)

- Fixed some hypertexts leading to 404 pages.

- And more stuff I can't be bothered to remember :p

docs/item/pullback.md, after:

# Custom Items

Type ID: `item:pullback`

### Fields

   Field   | Type | Default | Description
-----------|------|---------|-------------
`name` | [String](../../data_types/string) | *optional* | The display name of the item. Can be a literal string or a translation key. If none is given, it'll default to `item.namespace.path`.
`lore` | [Array](../data_types/array.md) of [Strings](../data_types/string.md) | *optional* | Lines of text below an item.
`item_powers` | [Array](../data_types/array.md) of [Item Powers](../data_types/item_power.md) | *optional* | The powers your item will have.
`durability` | [Integer](../data_types/integer.md) | `1` | How many uses the item has.
`item_group`| [Item Group](../data_types/item_groups.md) | `misc` | The tab you can find the item in.
`start_color` | [Colour](../data_types/colour.md) | *optional* | The start colour gradient of the Durability bar.
`end_color` | [Colour](../data_types/colour.md) | *optional* | The end colour gradient of the Durability bar.
`fuel_tick` | [Integer](../data_types/integer.md) | `0` | How long the item can smelt for in a furnace.
`entity_type` | [Identifier](../data_types/identifier.md) | *optional* | The entity fired when you finish pulling it back.
`max_speed` | [Float](../data_types/float.md) | `3.0` | The maximum speed it will launch a projectile at.

[//]: # "TODO: explain how the `max_speed` float works. How do you calculate the amount of time it takes to pullback the item depending on the speed?"

### Example Code

```json
{
	"type": "item:pullback",
	"item_group": "none"
}
```
